So before we get our feet wet.
Let's take a closer look at the tools and the environment that we're going to build on.
So you're going to be much more familiar with them before we start actual implementations.
So J-ws JLI AWOS July is going to be our primary starting point for managing us because we're going
to use it to configure our environment with credentials.
We're going to give it the access key secret key and the region that we want to work hard.
And then we're going to be simply calling our AWOS API using Python and both are three.
We're not going to be making a heavy use of a WSC.
But it's nice to know how to configure your credentials as being the access key as secret key Python.
So Python is an important aspect that you're developing for a W-S because Python is becoming more and
more popular every day thanks to the the famous both of three library
so Python will be our primary language for interacting with AWOS and in my honest opinion it's probably
the best of all.
Chart.
So pièce charm is a nice idea from Chip brains for Python the wallet.
And it is focused around Python development with virtual environments.
Some nice refactoring sections and everything.
It is the same look and feel with the energy brains idea that you're going to see in the market today
and it is a familiar ID for coming from intelligent idea or Webster.
It's such a breeze to use pi charm man you're developing Python and especially with a W-S.
So both are three.
Both are always a beautiful AWOS library and it is currently being backed by Amazon itself and you just
didn't hear this accidentally.
Amazon is backing the both of three library itself.
So whenever a new feature of a WS is released from Amazon you are going to be seeing the API for that
within botto the next day.
This is not a joke so Amazon released a new feature something new and you can just get it with botto
and you can start interacting with it programmatically.
Just the next day.
This is just amazing.
And this is a major benefit for choosing Python and both of three when trying to manage AWOS resources
because it is just backed by Amazon itself.
So you're not dealing with a W-S you lied directly you're not trying to manage some ugly code you're
just managing the familiar code that you wrote on Python and you're adding the both or three on top
of it and you can manage all of your AWOS resources.
This is just amazing.
So tell us about the OS and setups.
Again I'll be showing you how to prepare your environment on both Mac OS and Windows.
So depending on the operating system that you have in running in your machine.
Just watch the videos regarding that operating system and set up your environment.
And Linux is always welcomed.
And actually I love Linux because in my every day to day job I use Linux simply every day.
So if you're insisting on using Linux you can get more details about how to install packages on your
operating systems package manager on your specific Linux distro.